tototl
========

Benchmark tool to evaluate lpaggreg performance.

##Installation

###lpaggreg

Clone, compile and install [lpaggreg](https://github.com/dosimont/lpaggreg) using the bench version.

    $ git clone git@github.com:dosimont/lpaggreg.git
    $ cd lpaggreg
    $ make bench-linux
    $ sudo make install-bench
  
###csvreader

Clone, compile and install [csvreader](https://github.com/dosimont/csvreader).

    $ git clone git@github.com:dosimont/csvreader.git
    $ cd csvreader
    $ make
    $ sudo make install
  
###tototl

Clone, compile and install tototl

    $ git clone git@github.com:dosimont/tototl.git
    $ cd tototl
    $ make
    
##Usage

    $ ./tototl input output

Some examples of input files are given in the directory samples

##Configuration of input file for tototl

###For the line after #TEST

2 choices : 

- TEMPORAL : for use the temporal aggregation
- SPATIOTEMPORAL : for use the spatiotemporal aggregation

###For the lines after #D1, #D2 and #D3

- Line with 3 numbers, for example :

a, b, c

if a < b and c < b, it will be a list of numbers generated by a for loop like this :

for(int i = a ; i ≤ b; i = i + c)

Else it will be a list with the 3 given numbers.

- Line that does not contain 3 numbers :

It will be a list with the given numbers.

- More of one line per #D :

It will be a list of numbers which is the result of the merge of each list generated by each line.

###For the line after #DICHO

Number between 0 and 1 which is the parameter used for the dichotomy.

###For the line after #P

List of numbers between 0 and 1 which are the parameters used for the tests.

###For the line after #DENSITY

List of numbers between 0 and 1 which are the level of the density for the matrix.

###For the line after #ITERATION

Number of iteration done for each test.


